[docs] update tangle and dkg documentation (#85)
webb-tools/webb-docs: pages/docs/protocols/dkg/authority-selection.mdx

For a keygen threshold of **_n_** and a signing threshold of **_t_**, we take the top-**_n_** authorities on chain by
reputation. Out of these **_n_** keygen authorities, **_t+1_** of them are selected for signing. The keygen set remains
fixed over the course of the session, whereas the signing set can change amidst misbehaviours in signing protocol participation.

# Reputation Calculation

> The pallet-dkg-metadata is reponsible for calculating and maintaining the reputation scores of all the active validators. Reputation is how we measure
> and evaluate the authorities, this measures the number of valid keygen operations the authority has performed and misbehaviours if any have been reported against this
> authority. The misbehaviour reporting process relies on a honest-threshold assumption. When DKG authorities misbehave offchain, any detecting authority can submit a report of the offending authority. If a
> `threshold` number of reports is submitted, then the offending authority will lose reputation. This reputation map is utilized by each DKG authority to ensure every authority can generate a
> deterministic signing set for the threshold signing protocols. The signing set is taken to initially be the top `t` DKG authorities by reputation.
> 
> The misbehaviour reputation update is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `pallet-dkg-metadata` is responsible for calculating and maintaining the reputation scores of all active validators. Reputation serves as a metric to assess and evaluate the authorities, taking into account the number of valid keygen operations performed by the authority and any reported misbehaviors.

The misbehaviour reporting process is based on an honest-threshold assumption. If DKG authorities misbehave off-chain, any observing authority can submit a report against the offending authority. Once a threshold number of reports are submitted, the offending authority will experience a loss of reputation. The reputation map is used by each DKG authority to ensure that every authority can generate a deterministic signing set for threshold signing protocols. Initially, the signing set consists of the top `t` DKG authorities according to their reputation.

The formula for updating reputation based on misbehaviour is as follows:
```

```
AUTHORITY_REPUTATION = DECAY_PERCENTAGE * AUTHORITY_REPUTATION
```

# Jailing authorities

> For every mishbehaviour reported and succesfully authenticated for an authority, the corresponding authority is "jailed" for the next few sessions, being "jailed"
> simply means that the authority would not be considered for the authority selection set, kind of like a timeout for malicious behvaiour. The authority maybe unjailed
> after an expiry period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each instance of misconduct that is verified and reported to an authority, the implicated authority will be temporarily suspended or "jailed" for a specific number of sessions. During this suspension, the authority will not be included in the selection process for the authority selection set. This serves as a punitive measure against malicious behaviour. The authority may be reinstated after a predetermined period of time has passed.
```
